shoebot (1.2.1-1) unstable; urgency=medium

  * Better install script, should work with pip and setup.py

 -- Ricardo Lafuente <rlafuente@ace> Sat, 23 Jan 2016 
16:03:06 +0100


shoebot (1.2-1) unstable; urgency=low

  * Livecoding branch merged
  * Shoebot shell for communication with editors / IDEs
  * Gtk3 branch merged, along with experimental support 
for pypy
  * Use 'vext' for Gtk, extra virtualenv setup scripts 
removed
  * Make setup.py clean actually remove all detritus
  * Support setup.py develop
  * Show shoebot icon in var window as well as main 
window
  * Started event framework to control different parts 
of SB; it's pretty dumb right now, but enough to support 
livecoding of dynamic and non dynamic bots.

  * Installable from `setup.py`, supports Windows
  * Made to work on Python 2.6, so Windows Gedit can be 
supported
  * Added Virtualenv chooser
  * Settings are persisted in DConf
  * Removed bash setup scripts
  * Livecoding support - seperate tab for live errors
  * Update examples search to work with `setup.py 
develop`

  * Re-enabeled the colors examples
  * Added Audio Examples
  * Added other misc examples (Fat Text, Fat Lines)

  The main focus of 1.2 has been on making installation 
easier, livecoding and making sure old branches don't go 
unused.

 -- Ricardo Lafuente <r@sollec.org> Sat, 26 Mar 2011 
03:23:11 +0000


shoebot (0.4a4-1); urgency=low

  * Rewrite of the core code around drawing queues by 
Stuart Axon
  * Debian packaging scripts finally working

 -- Ricardo Lafuente <r@sollec.org> Sat, 26 Mar 2011 
03:23:11 +0000

shoebot (0.3b-1); urgency=low

  * Huge code refactoring, now it should be a lot easier 
to hack around.
  * Gedit and Inkscape plug-ins now included

 -- Ricardo Lafuente <r@sollec.org> Mon, 11 Jan 2010 
16:36:07 +0000

shoebot (0.2-1); urgency=low

  * colors can be specified using hexcolour values (e.g. 
#FF00FF)
  * fill and/or stroke values can be specified using 
keyword arguments (e.g. a = 
Rect(x,y,w,h,fill='#FF00FF'))
  * experimental animation support
  * internationalization
  * transforms were overhauled, and are now fully 
consistent with Nodebox behaviour
  * clipping paths!
  * a powerful text API was introduced using Pango, 
matching and even extending Nodebox's capabilities, and 
working great with transforms
  * image support is now there, and working great!
  * ximport() can now be used to import Nodebox's 
libraries
  * many Nodebox libraries ported and included in 
Shoebot! Boids, Cornu, Database, Ants, Photobot, 
Supershape, SVG and Web are fully working (as far as we 
could determine! :) ; Colors and L-System are partially 
working.
  * easteregg(x,y,size) ;)
  * GIMP colour palette import!
  * repeat mode (-r) in commandline mode to output 
multiple images
  * fullscreen mode!
  * new example scripts
  * Shoebot now runs on Windows, and the IDE too!
  * new goodies in the Shoebot IDE: error reporting 
console, layout dimensions, about item, file dialogue, 
Ctrl+F shortcut, GNOME Desktop entry
  * preliminary mouse events implementation in GTK mode

  Bug fixes:

  * drawpath() and findpath() are working; drawpath() 
can be used with images as well (load once, use many 
times)
  * bounding box calculations for line() are fixed
  * fixed order of buttons on quit - save file dialogue 
in shoebot-ide

  API changes:

  * big rewrite of the code structure; now there are 
generic Bot and Canvas classes, equivalent to a 
'context' and a 'surface', but differently named to 
avoid confusion with Cairo; those can be subclassed to 
implement new languages (see NodeBot? class for the 
implementation of Nodebox) and new graphical backends 
(see CairoCanvas?).
  * the 'Box' class was renamed to 'Bot'
  * oval() deprecated and introduced ellipse(), the 
correct term for this operation

 -- Ricardo Lafuente <r@sollec.org> Thu, 19 Feb 2009 
11:40:36 +0100

